What's up, everybody? This is Cortland from IndieHackers.com and you're listening to the IndieHackers podcast. More people than ever are building cool stuff online and making a lot of money in the process. And on this show, I sit down with these IndieHackers to discuss the ideas, the opportunities and the strategies they're taking advantage of, so the rest of us can do the same. I'm here with Justin Jackson, the founder of Transistor, which is a very successful podcast hosting company. It's what I'm using to host this podcast and also my other podcast, Brains. Justin, welcome back to IndieHackers. I think this is your third time on the show. Yeah. Well, it's good. It's just good to chat with you. It's actually good to chat with any human being these days. Yeah. Well, you're particularly fun to talk to because they're very easy to talk to. We have our Twitter DMs back and forth where we share random thoughts on stuff, but it's good to just flow. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. I've noticed the change in the way you do the show. When I listen, it's become a lot more conversational. Yeah. Well, it's much more fun to have authentic, normal conversations. And there's this idea of a ... Are you familiar with the concept of an Overton window? It's kind of like, what are you allowed to say? What are you not allowed to say? There's kind of like, in polite society, there's just balance on things that everybody agrees are okay and everybody doesn't agree are okay. Yeah. And I think if you have a show or an audience, Twitter account, a newsletter or whatever, you kind of create your own Overton window, meaning that whatever it is that you put out, the people who like it will stick with you and the people who don't, won't. And so you can kind of do whatever you want on your own show, but once you pick something, you're kind of locked into it because now your audience wants that. And so it's always kind of hard to change the format of a podcast show because it's like, if I've been doing interviews for a long time and then I'm like, you know what? I want to do more conversational stuff. A lot of people will be like, what the hell? What happened to the interviews? Yeah. Yeah. What an interesting idea. Like, what's Bon Jovi's Overton window? It's like everyone wants to hear the same songs over and over again. They don't want anything new, right? You get locked in. Yeah. Yeah. And this is a real, actually, this is a fundamental challenge of life, which is, I do think people need to grow. Businesses need to grow and change and adapt. And people don't like change, but if you don't change, you kind of, you can recede, you know, you can, your business can die over time just because it becomes gradually more irrelevant or doesn't respond to current market conditions. And then you as a person, you know, you might.
